.TH RESOLVERD 1 "2026-03-19" "stophammer" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
resolverd \- drain the durable canonical resolver queue
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B resolverd
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B resolverd
is the background worker for Stophammer's durable resolver queue.

It claims dirty feeds from
.BR resolver_queue ,
rebuilds source feed and track search/quality, canonical release and recording
state, canonical promotions, and the canonical search index, runs targeted
artist identity cleanup, then marks those feeds complete.

.B resolverd
is primary-only. If
.B NODE_MODE=community
is set, the binary exits immediately and expects that node to follow
primary-authored resolved-state events instead.

Source feed/track search and quality, canonical release/recording state,
canonical-first search, and promotions are expected to converge through
.BR resolverd .
.BR resolverd
does not rewrite source feed rows, source track rows, or staged source claims.
.B resolverd
adds retryable background convergence on top of preserved source facts.
.SH IMPORTANT ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B DB_PATH
SQLite database path. Defaults to
.BR ./stophammer.db .
.TP
.B RESOLVER_INTERVAL_SECS
Seconds between queue checks. Defaults to
.BR 30 .
.TP
.B RESOLVER_BATCH_SIZE
Maximum dirty feeds claimed per batch. Defaults to
.BR 25 .
.TP
.B RESOLVER_WORKER_ID
Optional worker identifier used in logs and queue lock rows. Defaults to
.BR resolverd-<pid> .
.TP
.B RESOLVER_EMIT_RESOLVED_STATE_EVENTS
Primary-only opt-out. Unless set to
.BR false ,
.BR 0 ,
.BR no ,
or
.BR off ,
.B resolverd
loads
.B KEY_PATH
and emits signed
.BR source_feed_read_models_resolved ,
.BR canonical_feed_state_replaced ,
.BR canonical_feed_promotions_replaced ,
.BR artist_identity_feed_resolved ,
and override-backed
.B artist_merged
events after resolver work succeeds.
.TP
.B RESOLVER_EMIT_CANONICAL_STATE_EVENTS
Deprecated compatibility alias for
.BR RESOLVER_EMIT_RESOLVED_STATE_EVENTS .
.B resolverd
still honors it, but logs a warning and the new name should be used.
.SH BEHAVIOR
Before each batch,
.B resolverd
checks
.BR resolver_state.import_active
and its heartbeat timestamp. When the heartbeat is fresh, the worker skips the
batch and sleeps until the next interval. If the heartbeat is stale, the worker
logs a warning and resumes draining the queue.
Unless
.B RESOLVER_EMIT_RESOLVED_STATE_EVENTS
is set falsey, the worker also appends signed feed-scoped source-read-model,
canonical, and promotion snapshots, feed-scoped artist-identity completion
events, plus override-backed
.B artist_merged
events, to the sync log so replicas can apply them directly.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Run the worker against the default database:
.nf
cargo run --bin resolverd
.fi
.TP
Run the worker with a custom interval and batch size:
.nf
DB_PATH=./stophammer.db \\
RESOLVER_INTERVAL_SECS=15 \\
RESOLVER_BATCH_SIZE=50 \\
cargo run --bin resolverd
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR resolverctl (1),
.BR backfill_canonical (1),
.BR backfill_artist_identity (1),
.BR stophammer (1)
