.TH REVIEW_ARTIST_IDENTITY 1 "2026-03-18" "stophammer" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
review_artist_identity \- inspect duplicate artist-name groups and merge evidence
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B review_artist_identity
[
.BI --db " PATH"
] [
.BI --limit " N"
] [
.B --high-confidence-only
] [
.BI --min-score " N"
] [
.BI --name " NAME"
] [
.BI --feed-guid " GUID"
] [
.B --pending-feeds
] [
.B --pending-reviews
] [
.BI --show-review " ID"
] [
.BI --merge-review " ID"
] [
.BI --target-artist " ARTIST_ID"
] [
.BI --reject-review " ID"
] [
.BI --note " TEXT"
] [
.B --json
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B review_artist_identity
reports duplicate lowercased artist-name groups and the staged evidence behind
each candidate so merge decisions can be reviewed safely. Pending review rows
also expose deterministic review
.BR confidence ,
.BR explanation ,
and scored
.B supporting_sources
when higher-order sources such as
.B likely_same_artist
produce a review-only candidate.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI --db " PATH"
Path to the SQLite database. Defaults to
.BR ./stophammer.db .
.TP
.BI --limit " N"
Maximum number of duplicate-name groups to report. Defaults to 20.
.TP
.B --high-confidence-only
When listing
.B pending
review items, filter output to rows whose derived review
.B confidence
is
.BR high_confidence .
.TP
.BI --min-score " N"
When listing
.B pending
review items, filter output to scored rows whose derived review
.B score
is at least
.IR N .
.TP
.BI --name " NAME"
Restrict output to one lowercased artist-name key.
.TP
.BI --feed-guid " GUID"
Inspect the feed-scoped artist identity plan for one feed, including seed
artists and candidate merge groups considered by the targeted resolver.
.TP
.B --pending-feeds
List feeds whose targeted artist identity plan still contains candidate groups
to review.
.TP
.B --pending-reviews
List stored feed-scoped artist identity review items whose status is still
.BR pending .
.TP
.BI --show-review " ID"
Show one stored review item by numeric review identifier.
.TP
.BI --merge-review " ID"
Store a durable merge override for the selected review item. Requires
.BR --target-artist .
.TP
.BI --target-artist " ARTIST_ID"
Target artist to use with
.BR --merge-review .
.TP
.BI --reject-review " ID"
Store a durable do-not-merge override for the selected review item.
.TP
.BI --note " TEXT"
Optional operator note stored with
.BR --merge-review
or
.BR --reject-review .
.TP
.B --json
Emit machine-readable JSON instead of text output.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Review the top 20 duplicate-name groups:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db --limit 20
.fi
.TP
Inspect one name as JSON:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db --name mooky --json
.fi
.TP
Inspect one feed's targeted resolver plan:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db --feed-guid feed-focus-b
.fi
.TP
List pending feeds with unresolved candidate groups:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db --pending-feeds --limit 20
.fi
.TP
List pending stored review items:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db --pending-reviews --limit 20
.fi
.TP
List only high-confidence pending stored review items:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db \\
  --pending-reviews --high-confidence-only --limit 20
.fi
.TP
List only scored pending review items at or above 50:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db \\
  --pending-reviews --min-score 50 --limit 20
.fi
.TP
Inspect scored provenance on one stored review item:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db --show-review 17
.fi
.TP
Store a durable merge override:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db \\
  --merge-review 17 --target-artist artist-123 --note "same artist"
.fi
.TP
Store a durable do-not-merge override:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_artist_identity -- --db ./stophammer.db \\
  --reject-review 17 --note "different projects"
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR stophammer (1),
.BR backfill_canonical (1),
.BR backfill_artist_identity (1)
