.TH REVIEW_SOURCE_CLAIMS_TUI 1 "2026-03-29" "stophammer" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
review_source_claims_tui \- interactive source-claim and resolved-promotion inspection console
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B review_source_claims_tui
[
.BI --db " PATH"
] [
.BI --limit " N"
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B review_source_claims_tui
opens a terminal UI for feeds that carry staged source claims or resolved
promotion rows. It is intended for operators inspecting provenance and
promotion state without issuing ad hoc SQL queries. The TUI now includes a
small operator workflow layer in addition to the raw evidence panes:
queue overview, hotspots, playbook guidance, feed summaries, conflict
inspection, and claim-family mix summaries.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI --db " PATH"
Path to the SQLite database. Defaults to
.BR ./stophammer.db .
.TP
.BI --limit " N"
Maximum number of feeds to load into the review queue. Defaults to 200.
.SH CONTROLS
The interface shows the feed queue, the feed's tracks, and the evidence panel.
Use the on-screen key hints to switch focus, move through feeds and tracks, and
scroll long evidence blocks.
.TP
.B o
Show queue-level operator overview, including total queued feeds, source-claim
load, resolved-overlay load, hotspots, and dominant claim-family mix.
.TP
.B p
Show a review-next playbook for the current source-claims backlog.
.TP
.B s
Show a feed summary for the selected feed, including feed-vs-track claim
counts, overlay counts, and current selected-track claim load.
.TP
.B t
Show the selected track's claim-family mix and dominant track claim family.
.TP
.B h
Show the hottest feeds by source-claim load.
.TP
.B c
Show feed-level conflict hints for the selected feed.
.TP
.B m
Show the selected feed's claim-family mix, split between feed-scoped and
track-scoped rows.
.TP
.B n / N
Jump to the next / previous feed whose dominant claim family matches the
currently selected feed.
.TP
.B [ / ]
Jump to the previous / next track whose dominant claim family matches the
currently selected track.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Open the TUI against the default database:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_source_claims_tui -- --db ./stophammer.db
.fi
.TP
Limit the initial queue size:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_source_claims_tui -- --db ./stophammer.db --limit 100
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR backfill_canonical (1),
.BR review_artist_identity_tui (1),
.BR review_wallet_identity_tui (1)
