.TH REVIEW_WALLET_IDENTITY_TUI 1 "2026-03-29" "stophammer" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
review_wallet_identity_tui \- interactive review console for pending wallet identity items
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B review_wallet_identity_tui
[
.BI --db " PATH"
] [
.BI --limit " N"
] [
.BI --min-score " N"
]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B review_wallet_identity_tui
opens a terminal UI for wallet review groups, candidate merges, classification
overrides, and artist-link decisions. It is intended for operators curating the
wallet identity layer after resolver or backfill passes. Queue rows and
headers show review
.BR confidence ,
.BR explanation ,
and scored
.BR supporting_sources ,
and
.B score_breakdown
when present, separately from wallet class confidence. Queue summary and
overview dialogs also show score bands.
Wallet detail panes also summarize artist-link provenance reasons.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.BI --db " PATH"
Path to the SQLite database. Defaults to
.BR ./stophammer.db .
.TP
.BI --limit " N"
Maximum number of pending review groups to load. Defaults to 200.
.TP
.BI --min-score " N"
Only load scored review groups whose derived score is at least
.IR N .
.SH CONTROLS
The interface shows pending wallet groups, candidate wallets, claim feeds, and
evidence branches. Use the on-screen key hints to change focus, expand
evidence, inspect same-family queue summaries, jump between
.B high_confidence
groups with
.BR g / G ,
open a dedicated
.B high_confidence
list with
.B H,
and store durable decisions. Selected review/group panes include a compact
.B score_breakdown
preview when available.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Open the TUI against the default database:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_wallet_identity_tui -- --db ./stophammer.db
.fi
.TP
Limit the initial queue size:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_wallet_identity_tui -- --db ./stophammer.db --limit 100
.fi
.TP
Open only scored review groups at or above 50:
.nf
cargo run --bin review_wallet_identity_tui -- --db ./stophammer.db --min-score 50 --limit 100
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR review_wallet_identity (1),
.BR backfill_wallets (1),
.BR stophammer-resolverd (1)
