.TH STOPHAMMER 1 "2026-03-18" "stophammer" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
stophammer \- quality-gated V4V music index node
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B stophammer
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B stophammer
starts either a primary node or a community node depending on the
.B NODE_MODE
environment variable.

The binary is environment-driven. It does not currently take command-line
flags for normal operation.
.SH MODES
.TP
.B primary
Accepts crawler ingest, runs the verifier chain, stores accepted data, signs
events, and serves the full API.
.TP
.B community
Registers with a primary, receives or polls signed events, verifies them, and
serves a read-only API.
.SH IMPORTANT ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B NODE_MODE
Either
.B primary
or
.BR community .
Defaults to
.BR primary .
.TP
.B DB_PATH
SQLite database path. Defaults to
.BR ./stophammer.db .
.TP
.B KEY_PATH
Ed25519 signing key path. Defaults to
.BR ./signing.key .
.TP
.B BIND
Bind address. Defaults to
.BR 0.0.0.0:8008 .
.TP
.B CRAWL_TOKEN
Required on primary nodes.
.TP
.B SYNC_TOKEN
Required for sync endpoints and community replication.
.TP
.B ADMIN_TOKEN
Optional token for admin endpoints.
.TP
.B BLOCKED_FEED_GUIDS
Optional comma-separated exact feed GUID blocklist for the
.B feed_blocklist
verifier.
.TP
.B BLOCKED_FEED_URLS
Optional comma-separated exact feed URL blocklist for the
.B feed_blocklist
verifier.
.TP
.B PRIMARY_URL
Required in community mode.
.TP
.B NODE_ADDRESS
Required in community mode. Public URL of the node, ending conceptually in the
community push endpoint at
.BR /sync/push .
.SH FILES
.TP
.I stophammer.db
Default SQLite database.
.TP
.I signing.key
Default signing key file.
.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Run a local primary:
.nf
DB_PATH=./stophammer.db \\
KEY_PATH=./signing.key \\
CRAWL_TOKEN=change-me \\
SYNC_TOKEN=change-me \\
BIND=127.0.0.1:8008 \\
./target/release/stophammer
.fi
.TP
Run a local primary with an exact-match feed blocklist:
.nf
DB_PATH=./stophammer.db \\
KEY_PATH=./signing.key \\
CRAWL_TOKEN=change-me \\
SYNC_TOKEN=change-me \\
BLOCKED_FEED_GUIDS=27293ad7-c199-5047-8135-a864fb546492 \\
BLOCKED_FEED_URLS=https://feeds.podcastindex.org/100retro.xml \\
VERIFIER_CHAIN=crawl_token,content_hash,feed_blocklist,medium_music,feed_guid,v4v_payment,enclosure_type \\
BIND=127.0.0.1:8008 \\
./target/release/stophammer
.fi
.TP
Run a local community:
.nf
NODE_MODE=community \\
DB_PATH=./stophammer.db \\
KEY_PATH=./signing.key \\
PRIMARY_URL=http://127.0.0.1:8008 \\
NODE_ADDRESS=http://127.0.0.1:8010 \\
SYNC_TOKEN=change-me \\
BIND=127.0.0.1:8010 \\
./target/release/stophammer
.fi
.SH SEE ALSO
Full operator documentation lives in
.I docs/operations.md
and
.IR docs/API.md .
